(L)international
(L)aim
(L)national
(LU)swot 
competitive 
force#
advantage# 
disadvantage# 
competenc# 
leader# 
leading 
scorecard 
research  
develop# 
scale 
scope
(LU)KPI
(LU)R and D
(LU)R&D
(LU)R & D
(U)HR
(U)IT
(U)IP
(U)IPR
acquisition# 
acquire
activit#
adapt#
shift#
administrat# costs
administrat# distance
aims
aiming
alliance#
ambition#
ambitious
analysis
purchased input cost#
analytic# tool#
analytic# framework
sentiment
anti-business
anti business
antibusiness
anti-trust 
anti trust
antitrust
anti-compet#
anti compet#
anticompet#
arm’s-length contract#
arm’s length contract#
arms-length contract#
arms length contract#
asset# purchase#
purchase# of asset#
purchasing asset#
assignment of asset#
asset assignment
assign# asset#
attack#
attain#
attitude survey#
survey of attitude#
balanced scorecard
bargaining power
barrier# to entry
barrier# to exit 
barrier# to imitation 
imitation barrier#
barrier# to mobility
imitat#
mobility barrier#
beachhead#
behaviour#
behavior#
benchmark#
best practice#
blocking position#
blueprint
bottom-up
bottom up
boundar#
brand#
bundling
bundle
bundled
business identity#
business linkage#
business model#
business process#
business-process#
business scope
business system#
business unit#
cherry-pick#
cherry pick#
buyer cost
buyer# need#
need# of buyer#
buyer# perception#
perception# of buyer#
buyer performance
buyer power
power of buyers
buyer purchase criteria
buyer segment#
buyer type#
type of buyer
buyer value
value chain
chain of value
buyer-supplier
buyer/supplier
capabilit#
capacit#
capital cost#
carry out
carried out
carrying out
causal ambiguity
center# of excellence
centre# of excellence
centralised-redirection
centralized-redirection
centralised redirection
centralized redirection
centralised-direction
centralized-direction
centralised direction
centralized direction
chain-link
chain link
challeng#
chang#
cluster#
co-align#
coalign#
coalition#
cognitive factor#
cognitive map#
coherence
coherent
cohesion
cohesive
cohesiveness
commodity product#
comparative advantage# 
comparative disadvantag#
compete
competing
ability
abilities
competition
competitive advantage# 
competitive disadvantage#
competitive force#
competitor#
complement#
complexity
complex
concentration
condition of duplication
configur#
conflict#
conglomerate
consolidate
consolidation
consolidating
containment
continuity
control of timing
conventional-wisdom
conventional wisdom
cooperation
co-operation
co operation
cooperate 
co-operate
co operate
cooperating
co-operating
co operating
coordinat#
co-ordinat#
co ordinat#
core competenc# 
corporate portfolio
restructur#
cost advantage# 
cost disadvantage#
trade-off
trade off
cost driver#
cost improvement#
cost leader#
cost leading
cost# of sharing
create#
creati#
cross subsidi#
cross-subsidi#
cross-licens#
cross licens#
cultural 
culture
customer#
decentralis#
decentraliz#
decision#
defensive
demand
demand-side
demographic#
deregulation
design
deterren#
differentiat#
diffusion
disinvest#
dispos#
disrupt#
distribution channel#
distribution of assets
divers#
divest#
division of labor
division of labour
dominant
dominate
downstream channel#
driver
drivers
dynamic
economic#
economies of scale
economy of scale
economies of scope
economy of scope
efficien#
emergent
emerging
emotional climate
emotional intelligence
employee#
employment cost#
enabl#
engineering overreach
enhanc#
enter
entered 
entering
entry
entrant
entrepreneur#
entry barrier#
exit barrier# 
immobility barrier#
envelopment manoeuvre
environmental factor#
evolution#
evolv#
exclusive
exclusivity
exclusiveness
execut#
exit#
exogenous
experience curve
experience goods
exploit#
external
internal force#
financial interrelat#
financial management system#
firm specific
firm-specific
firm-level
firm level
first-mover
first mover
fit
flexibility
focus#
follower#
fragment#
franchising
franchiser
franchisee 
franchisor
functional
game-chang#
game chang#
geographic
geographical
global# 
local#
goal#
growth
hands-off management
hands off management
hands-on management
hands on management
heterogeneity
heterogeneous
hierarch#
holistic
horizontal organization
horizontal organisation
horizontal structure
horizontal system#
hostile takeover#
human capital
imitability
implement#
incubating
incubator
incubate
incumbent
indivisibilit#
industrial buyer#
industries
industry
attractiveness
attractive
inertia
uniqueness
unique
information system#
information technolog#
infrastructure
innovation#
innovative
innovate#
invent
innovator#
input cost#
institutional factor#
intangibl#
integrat#
intellectual property
interfirm network#
inter-firm network#
internal environment#
external environment#
internal organisation
internal organization
internalis#
internaliz#
collaborat#
internationalisation
internationalization
commercialis#
commercializ#
interrelate#
interrelationship#
investment in
investing 
invested
invest
investments in
invisible asset#
isolating mechanism
job satisfaction
joint ventur#
judgement
performance indicator#
success factor#
know-how
knowledge
lead time#
lead-time#
leadtime#
lean production
leapfrog#
leap-frog#
learning
learning-by-doing
legal constraints
leveraging
leveraged
licensing
life cycle
life-cycle
location
locational difference#
long-term
long term
longer-term
longer term
loss of coherence
low-cost
low cost
lower-cost
lower cost
macroscenario#
macro-scenario#
make or buy
make-or-buy
management control
management system#
management team#
managerial talent
managers
mapping
marketing costs
marketing spend
market
markets
customis#
customiz#
matrix organisatio#
matrix organizatio#
measure# of profit
profit measure#
merger# and acquisition#
merger# & acquisition#
M&A
M & A
milestone#
plant size
mission
monopolies
monopoly
mov# to action
multibusiness#
multi-business#
multifunctional units
multi-functional units
multiple
network effect#
network externalit#
network of
our network#
new entrant#
next big thing
next big-thing
norms
objectiv#
obscuring profit
obstacl#
operating organisation#
operating organization#
operat# effectiveness
operat# relatedness
operations management
opportunism
opportunit#
organisation# redesign
organisational analysis
organisational decisions
organisational design
organisational ecology
organisational identity
organisational intelligence
organisational rigidity
organisational routinisation
organisational slack
organisational structure
organization# redesign
organizational analysis
organizational decisions
organizational design
organizational ecology
organizational identity
organizational intelligence
organizational rigidity
organizational routinization
organizational slack
organizational structure
outsourc#
out sourc#
out-sourc#
centralis#
centraliz#
patent#
path dependen#
penetration
penetrate
performance analysis
performance control
performance criteria
performance diagnosis
performance incentive#
performance measure#
performance monitoring
performance target#
personnel rotation
pioneering
pioneered
pioneer
plann#
plans
plan
political distance
political factor#
portfolio management
position
positive feedback
predatory
preempt#
pre-empt#
price cut#
price discrimination
price movement#
price premium
price sensitive#
elastic
inelastic
pricing
principles
privileged information
process#
procurement
product-line 
product#
impact on profit#
profit maximis#
maximise profit#
profit maximiz#
maximize profit#
profit pool#
profitab#
program# of action
promotion from within
property rights
proposal#
proprietary
protection of turf
proximate objective#
psychographic#
psychological contract
psychological factor#
equilibrium
purchase criteri#
purchase occasion
purchase power
purchasing power
pursue
qualification cost#
quality
quantity
range of business#
real option#
recession#
downturn
crisis
headwind#
reciprocal dealing
reconfigur#
reengineer#
re-engineer#
refutation
regime of appropriability
region#
relational contract#
relationship
relative cost
reliance on
rely on
repetitive
reposition#
reputation#
research and development
research & development
deployment#
deploy
utilisation
utilise
utilising
utilised
utilization
utilize
utilizing
utilized
resource#
resource-
source# of profit
profit source#
response
responsiveness
respond
responding
attack
retaliation
retaliate
revolutionary
revolutionise
revolutionize
risk#
uncertain#
failure
fail#
rival#
road map
road-map
roadmap
routinis#
routiniz#
rules for riches
salience effect#
satisfactory
satisfic#
scalable
scale economies
scale economy
scenario analysis
scenarios
schumpeterian shock#
scope economy
scope economies
secto#
segment#
self-organisation
self organisation
self-organise
self organise
self-organization
self organization
self-organize
self organize
seller#
sense of purpose
separation
series of actions
service
shape
shaping
shaped
shared
sharing
shareholder 
stakeholder#
shifting
signal#
transfer#
skill#
social equity
social factor#
social herding
social legitimacy
social policy
social responsibility
socially responsible
social system#
sourcing choice#
specialis#
specializ#
spillover
standalone influence
standardis#
standardiz#
standards
static
stealth marketing
strateg#
dissonance
inflection point#
intent
intend
corner solution
stream# of profit#
profit stream#
strength#
structural analysis
structural break#
stuck-in-the-middle
stuck in the middle
substitut#
subtechnolog#
sub-technolog
sub technolog
success#
succeed#
win
wins
winner
winning
superior
superiority
supplier
supply
supply-side
surviv#
sustain#
switching back
switched back
switch-back
switch back
switching cost#
switch cost#
cost# of switching
synerg#
tactic#
tail-risk#
takeover#
target#
task#
team production
team-based
team based
technical#
technolog#
threat#
trust#
value#
vision
weakness#
weaken#